doc: xip: add section to nRF5340DK UG (#7692)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_nrf5340.rst

   In addition, ensure that :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PCD_APP` is enabled for the MCUboot child image.
   For more details, see :ref:`nc_bootloader`.

.. _ug_nrf5340_intro_xip:

Execute in place (XIP) configuration
====================================

Execute in place (XIP) allows the application core to execute program code directly from the external flash memory device using the Quad Serial Peripheral Interface (QSPI).
The external flash memory supports on-the-fly encryption and decryption.
For more information, read the `Execute in place page in the nRF5340 Product Specification`_.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For placing individual source code files into defined memory regions, check the :ref:`zephyr:code_relocation_nocopy` sample in Zephyr.

```

.. _ug_nrf5340_intro_xip_measurements:

> Measuring XIP with nRF Machine Learning

Reviewer: This change is missing

---------------------------------------

The XIP code execution performance measurement was conducted to evaluate the expected performance in different operating conditions.

> We used the :ref:`nrf_machine_learning_app` application running on the nRF5340 DK for the experiment.

Reviewer 2: Change the sentence to passive mode instead of 'we'
experiment -> testing?

> This is because the application design allows to move the Edge Impulse library to external memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This particular application was used because its design allows to move the Edge Impulse library to external memory.
```

There is only one call to the library from the wrapper module, and therefore this call is used to measure the time of execution.
Additional measurements of the current allowed to compare total energy used.

The following table lists performance numbers that were measured under different operating conditions.

.. note::

>    The numbers in the table refer to current consumed only by the nRF5340 DK.

Author: SoC
